.TH AUDIOMASS 1
.SH NAME
.B audiomass
\- Wrapper for command line audio libraries.
.SH SYNOPSIS

.B audiomass
\fI[-h HELP] [-v VERSION] [-c COPYING] [-C CHECK]
[-f FILE] [-d DIRECTORY] [-b BATCH [..FILE1 ..FILE2 ..FILE3 ..]] [-o DIRNAME]\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION

Audiomass is a command line audio wrapper of the Flac, Lame, Vorbis-tools,
Monkey's Audio, Shntool and FFmpeg libraries.
It supports conversions of different audio formats at a time and the ability
to convert even groups of files in a directory, saving the output in a specific
folder.

For each input file, audiomass-cli writes to a filename based on the input
filename, but with the extension changed to as appropriate to encoding.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-f, \-\-file
Single audio conversion. If the (\fB\-o\fR) option is not specified, write to
the same source directory.
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-dir
Converts a bunch of audio files with the same extension contained in a directory.
If the (\fB\-o\fR) option is not specified, write to the same source directory.
.TP
.B \-b, \-\-batch
Load a queue of audio files even with different formats located in different
locations. If option (\fB\-o\fR) is not specified, writes the output to same
input file. If more than one file is specified, they must either be separated
to one or more white-space.
.TP
.B \-o \-\-output
Save the output files into specified folder. Can be used in conjunction with
the (\fB\-f\fR), (\fB\-d\fR) and (\fB\-b\fR) options described above. If you
want to save the outputs to a different folder, you might consider using this
option.
.TP
.B \-C \-\-check
This option checks the required dependencies by audiomass.
Installed packages are marked with '..Ok', while non-installed packages are
marked with '..Not Installed'
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show a short help and exit.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version and date and exit.
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-copying
Show license and exit.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Convert a single file and save it into same directory:
.TP
.B audiomass-cli -f '/MyDirName/SomeFile.wav''
.TP
---------------------
.TP
Convert a bunch of audio files inside a folder and save them in another folder:
.TP
.B audiomass-cli -d /MyDirName/Music  -o '/MyOtherDir/converted
.TP
---------------------
.TP
Convert a queue of audio files and save the output in a specified folder:
.TP
.B audiomass -b '..STREAM1' '..STREAM2' '..STREAM3' '...' -o /output/dir

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR flac (1),
.BR oggenc (1),
.BR oggdec (1),
.BR lame (1),
.BR shntool (1),
.BR wavpack (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Written by Gianluca Pernigotto, Alias: jeanslack <jeanlucperni@gmail.com> .
Homepage: https://github.com/jeanslack/audiomass
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright  ©  2015-2019  Free Software Foundation, Inc.  License GPLv3+: GNU
GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
This is free software: you are free  to  change  and  redistribute  it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
