.TH AUDIOMASS 1
.SH NAME
.B audiomass-cli
\- is a wrapper audio conversions interface.
.SH SYNOPSIS

.B audiomass-cli 
\fIOPTION\fR  \fIINPUT-FILENAME/DIRNAME\fR [-o] [OUTPUT-DIRNAME]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Audiomass-clc is a command line wrapper that interfaces on differents audio codecs for multiple input data streams conversions. It can be easily implemented with other audio library codecs and currently supports: Flac, Lame, Vorbis-tools, Monkey's Audio, Shntool FFmpeg, etc.
 
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-f, \-\-file 
Single audio stream conversion.
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-dir 
Run a process to multiple audio streams into imported folder. The audio streams are selected for a same format extension.
.TP
.B \-b, \-\-batch 
Load a audio streams queue with differents formats also on differents locations on the user-space. If option (\fB\-o\fR) is not specified, Write the stream to same input file. If more than one stream is specified, they must either be quoted and separated to one or more white-space.
.TP
.B \-o, \-\-output
If you want to save the outputs to a different directory, using this option you should also specify the final directory. Remember, if necessary, to quote the directory path-name and avoid finishing with a slash '/'. Can be used in conjunction with all the options described above.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show a short help and exit.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version and date of the program and exit.
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-copying
Show license of the program and exit.

.SH USE 

.TP
Convert a single file and put output stream into other directory:
.TP
.B audiomass-cli -f '/MyDirName/SomeFile.wav' -o '/MyOtherDir/Music'
.TP
---------------------
.TP
Convert a files group into same directory:
.TP
.B audiomass-cli -d /MyDirName/Music
.TP
---------------------
.TP
Convert a queue audio streams into same directory:
.TP
.B audiomass-cli -b 'FILE1' 'FILE2' 'FILE3' 'FILE4' etc.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR flac (1),
.BR oggenc (1),
.BR oggdec (1),
.BR lame (1),
.BR shntool (1),
.BR wavpack (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Written by Gianluca Pernigotto, Alias: jeanslack <jeanlucperni@gmail.com> .
Homepage: https://github.com/jeanslack/audiomass
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright  ©  2015-2017  Free Software Foundation, Inc.  License GPLv3+: GNU
GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
This is free software: you are free  to  change  and  redistribute  it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
